Adding getPermissions support (#50)
marmelab/ra-supabase: packages/ra-supabase-core/README.md

            fullName: `${data.first_name} ${data.last_name}`,
        };
    },

>     getPermissions: async user => {

Reviewer: **polish**: Following the example of the `getIdentity` paragraph, would you mind to mention and explain this method in the **API -> The `supabaseAuthProvider`** section?

});
```

> Similarly `supabaseAuthProvider` supports an optional function to call when we need to [get permissions](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/Authentication.html#get-permissions) . Here's an example that fetches the user permissions from a `userPermissions` table. You can use permissions via the [`usePermissions`](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/usePermissions.html) hook.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: One last thing (as for me) 
```suggestion
The `supabaseAuthProvider` supports an optional [`getpermissions`](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/Authentication.html#get-permissions) method that allows you to fetch user permissions. Here's an example that fetches user permissions from a `userPermissions` table. You can then use the [`usePermissions`](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/usePermissions.html) hook to retrieve them later.
```
